"He who only wishes and hopes does not interfere actively with the course of events and with the shaping of his own destiny."	 - Ludwig von Mises

"I realised, oh, this ledger is now being maintained on everyone’s computers in real time so no one can freeze it, no one can reverse it, no one can counterfeit, no one can double spend. That’s when it really clicked for me." - Charlie Shrem

"Bitcoin is a way to start and fight a political revolution without shooting any bullet and without casting any vote." - Giacomo Zucco

"We’re going towards this central, totalitarian, surveillance, police state with the central banking system we have." - @theonevortex

"Bitcoin is the only real thing that I have ever done in my life. It's the only thing I've done where I know why I'm doing it." - @glozow 

"It's going to have to be a grass-roots activity, one in which individuals first learn of how much power they can have, and then demand it." - Hal Finney

"Bitcoin is non-local because the laws of mathematics and physics are universal." - DerGigi

"Everything you don't understand about money combined with everything you don't understand about computers." - John Oliver

"Bitcoin is not an approximation to Gold, in fact Gold is an approximation to Bitcoin." - @woonomic

"Bitcoin is not up against commercial banking, credit cards, PayPal or any other private/public company. Bitcoin is up against the most powerful institution in the history of mankind, Central Banking" - @MrHodl

"Best marketing tool we have is when MSM declares bitcoin dead and then the general public notices new ATHs months/years later." - @MrHodl

"Bitcoin is the antimatter to the Fed's QE" - Parker Lewis

“Bitcoin isn’t about getting your money out of your country. It’s about getting your country out of your money.” - @farbood

"Close your eyes to the start, and contemplate the end." - Rumi

"Bitcoin is not a company. Bitcoin doesn't have debt. Bitcoin doesn't go bankrupt." - @BitcoinTina

"If nuclear war destroyed half of our planet, [Bitcoin] would continue to live, uncorrupted." - Ralph Merkle

"The more the state "plans" the more difficult planning becomes for the individual." - Friedrich August von Hayek

"Our freedom of choice in a competitive society rests on the fact that, if one person refuses to satisfy our wishes, we can turn to another." - Friedrich August von Hayek

"I'm already against the next war. It's based on lies. How do I know? They're all based on lies." - Andreas Antonopoulos

"The whole point of Bitcoin is that you don't need to rely on any company to be able to use your own money." - @Beautyon_

"You can ignore Bitcoin for as long as you want, but it doesn't care; it'll be there running 24/7/365 while every bank & currency fails you." - Saifedean Ammous

"Bitcoin is a piece of the future invading the present." - Paul Rosenberg

"You can securely control neither your land nor your digitally centralized financial assets without the help of government. Thus the locality & importance of legal ownership in these things. You can securely control your globally seamless Bitcoin without the help of government." - Nick Szabo

"We don't want to "bank" the "unbanked". We want to make it possible to be connected to the world without banks." - Andreas Antonopoulos

"The heartbeat of the Bitcoin network will outlast all of ours." - dergigi

"Banks are crooks." - Eric Lombrozo

"Bitcoin is a swarm of cyber hornets serving the goddess of wisdom, feeding on the fire of truth, exponentially growing ever smarter, faster, and stronger behind a wall of encrypted energy." - Michael J. Saylor

"The natural tendency of government, once in charge of money, is to inflate and to destroy the value of the currency." - Murray Rothbard

"He who strongly desires to rise up will think of a way to build a ladder." - Japanese proverb

"Fix the money, fix the world." - Marty Bent

"The era of central banks is ending." - Max Keiser

"Morality, urbanism, architecture, science, art, and nutrition all get destroyed by the high time preference created by fiat money." - Saifedean Ammous

"Both mycelium and bitcoin endure in the most competitive ecosystems on our planet and must constantly adapt in order to survive. They have skin in the game and become hardened from hostility." - Brandon Quittem

"Bitcoin prevents collusion and corruption at the point of money creation, and provides equality of opportunity. It breaks down walls and unites." - Alex Gladstein

"Bitcoin will serve as the basis for all international trade. Civilization will experience unparalleled prosperity." - @bitstein

"It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning." - Henry Ford

"Bitcoin is 100% moral. There is no one being stolen from, all action is voluntary." - Max Hillebrand

"The War on Encryption and Bitcoin – Nothing to Do with Terrorism, Everything to Do with State Control" - Max Keiser

“Bitcoin isn’t just payments technology - it’s savings technology.” - Pierre Rochard

“Central banks are allowed to create paper money out of thin air. This reduces the purchasing power of money and destroys the savings of average people.” - Hans-Hermann Hoppe

"The number one responsibility for each of us is to change ourselves with hope that others will follow." - Ron Paul

"Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it." - George Bernard Shaw

"States are just a subset of organized crime" - Giacomo Zucco

"Bitcoin is scarce and finite. As more people adopt it, the price should rise." - Matt Odell

"Be the change you want to see in the world. Be The Change. BTC" - @bennd77

"As an amusing thought experiment, imagine that Bitcoin is successful and becomes the dominant payment system in use throughout the world." - Hal Finney

"If you look at the drug war from an economic point of view, the role of the government is to protect the drug cartel." - Milton Friedman

"Neither a state nor a bank ever have had unrestricted power of issuing paper money without abusing that power." 	- David Ricardo

"When you think of the long and gloomy history of man, you will find more hideous crimes have been committed in the name of obedience than have ever been committed in the name of rebellion." 	- Charles Percy Snow

"You can only create absolute scarcity once."	- @CitizenBitcoin

"I'm saving with Bitcoin."	- @hodlonaut

"Everything the State says is a lie, and everything it has it has stolen." -	Friedrich Nietzsche

"Only the naive inflationists could believe that government could enrich mankind through fiat money." -	Ludwig von Mises

"I don't have any idols, any heroes, nothing, no." -	Rafael Nadal

"Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff." -	Frank Zappa

"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself." -	Rumi

"The war is not meant to be won, it is meant to be continuous." -	George Orwell

"Bitcoin is a global, silent, and non-violent revolution of individual sovereignty. A great ledger in the sky that reconciles the list of who owns what in the world every 10 minutes. By giving us a set of unbreakable economic rules, Satoshi is saving us from ourselves."	Robert Breedlove

"If you're protesting your Government but keeping your savings in their currency... you're doing it wrong"	- @gr0kch8n

"Bitcoin is the culmination of 30 years of attempts at building digital money for the internet." -	@thebluematt

"I have Muslim bitcoin friends. I have Jewish bitcoin friends. I have Christian bitcoin friends. From all over the world - black, white, hispanic, asian. Male, female, anything in between. This is the way." -	@thefuckisalommy

"The tools that we need to help push the pendulum of power back towards the individual exist today. They just aren't widely known or distributed." -	Marty Bent

"This is our meme world and everyone else is just living in it.	Michael Goldstein

"One of the greatest things Satoshi did was disappear."	Jimmy Song

"Bitcoin will change us more than we Will change it" - 	Marty Bent

"I realised, oh, this ledger is now being maintained on everyone’s computers in real time so no one can freeze it, no one can reverse it, no one can counterfeit, no one can double spend. That’s when it really clicked for me." -	Charlie Shrem

"There are no leaders or CEOs in charge of the bitcoin network. Bitcoin operates using distributed consensus with stakeholders around the world running bitcoin software to verify that the network continues to operate using the rules agreed upon.	Matt Odell

"Those crashes, these bailouts, are not accidents. And neither is it an accident that there is no financial education in school." ― 	@theRealKiyosaki

"Buying bitcoin is an act of sanity in an insane world."	@BitcoinTina

"Bitcoin is cosmic, at its core."	Thibaud Maréchal

"Ask not what bitcoin can do for you, but what you can do for bitcoin." 	Adam Back

"A fixed money supply, or a supply altered only in accord with objective and calculable criteria, is a necessary condition to a meaningful just price of money."	Fr. Bernard W. Dempsey, S.J.

"The future is already here — it’s just not very evenly distributed."	William Gibson

"Orange is the new gold.	@Kexkey

"[Bitcoin is] sort of like this peaceful Manhatten project. All the smartest people are coming together, from across languages, from around the world, to build this sovereign and arguably private money project. That's amazing." 	@gladstein

"Quantitative easing is universal basic income for rich people." 	Travis Kling

"Bitcoin hype cycles are waves hitting the shore & then receding from it. Every subsequent wave is bigger. Those who cling onto the shore despite the force of the receding flow succeed."	Misir Mahmudov

"Bitcoin maximalism is the same as TCP/IP maximalism. Common sense."	Dennis Parker

"You shall not confiscate. You shall not censor. You shall not inflate. You shall not counterfeit. These rules are the essence of Bitcoin's soul.	@hasufl

"Honey badger don’t care, honey badger don’t give a fuck."	Randall

"If you don't trust people, trust code. "	Bryan Bishop

"The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function.	Albert Allen Bartlett

"Encryption works. Properly implemented strong crypto systems are one of the few things that you can rely on.	Edward Snowden

"Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. What people call intelligence just boils down to curiosity.	Aaron Swartz

"Creativity comes from applying things you learn in other fields to the field you work in.	Aaron Swartz

"The Tao of Bitcoin is not understanding bitcoin, it is accepting that bitcoin is what it is	Jameson Lopp

"Think deeply about things. Don’t just go along because that’s the way things are or that’s what your friends say. Consider the effects, consider the alternatives, but most importantly, just think.	Aaron Swartz

"Growing up, I slowly had this process of realizing that all the things around me that people had told me were just the natural way things were, the way things always would be, they weren’t natural at all. They were things that could be changed, and they were things that, more importantly, were wrong and should change, and once I realized that, there was really no going back.	Aaron Swartz

"A piece of knowledge, unlike a piece of physical property, can be shared by large groups of people without making anybody poorer." -	Aaron Swartz

"Information is power. But like all power, there are those who want to keep it for themselves." -	Aaron Swartz

"All censorship should be deplored." -	Aaron Swartz

"You literally ought to be asking yourself all the time what is the most important thing in the world I could be working on right now, and if you are not working on that why aren’t you?" -	Aaron Swartz

"Let's try to secure everything." -	Nick Szabo

"Calling Bitcoin "money" is degrading to Bitcoin."	- Knut Svanholm

"In 1971, the U.S. 'closed the gold window,' starting an era of global fiat money reference-pricing that has been unprecedented in history. Never before had the world operated on the basis of no country anywhere having a currency tied to something with intrinsic value like gold.	Max Keiser

"The Internet of Money, bitcoin, is releasing 50 yrs. of pent up innovation in finance, because it offers innovation without permission." -	Andreas Antonopoulos

"Value does not come out of the workshop, but out of the wants which goods satisfy." -	Eugen von Böhm-Bawerk

"When I first heard about Bitcoin, I thought it was impossible. How can you have a purely digital currency? Can’t I just copy your hard drive and have your bitcoins? I didn’t understand how that could be done, and then I looked into it and it was brilliant.	Jeff Garzik

The game of speculation is the most uniformly fascinating game in the world. But it is not a game for the stupid, the mentally lazy, the person of inferior emotional balance, or the get-rich-quick adventurer. They will die poor.	Jesse Livermore

Bitcoin isn't a get rich quick scheme, it's a don't get poor slowly scheme.	Jameson Lopp

As ambassadors of Bitcoin, I believe we must speak the common tongue and avoid esoteric language so that our message can penetrate minds far and wide.	Robert Breedlove

Altcoins are created to take your Bitcoin.	@MrHodl

"We are so early it's not even funny"	@BTCDCA

In the near future, the government having a monopoly on money will seem as strange as the government having a monopoly on religion or language.	Conner Brown

Decentralized and private payments are a necessary innovation for a digital future where we retain our civil liberties and personal freedoms.	Alex Gladstein

The real oppression is easy fiat money.	Jimmy Song

There is no capacity to kill Bitcoin. Even the Chinese with their firewall and their extreme intervention in their society could not kill Bitcoin. […] My point here is: You can’t kill Bitcoin.	Patrick McHenry

Strong hands, full hearts. Can’t lose.	American Hodl

I think the internet is going to be one of the major forces for reducing the role of government. The one thing that's missing but that will soon be developed, is a reliable e-cash.	Milton Friedman

If you think proof-of-stake is a good idea, it means you never understood proof-of-work in the first place.	Adam Gibson

Brute-force attacks against 256-bit keys will be infeasible until computers are built from something other than matter and occupy something other than space.	Bruce Schneier

Bitcoin is a technological innovation that happens once a species.	Trace Mayer

The twin pillars of Bitcoin's value proposition: (1) It's possible to secure and transport your wealth without anyone's permission (2) Your wealth cannot be debased. Everything else is noise.	Vijay Boyapati

Privacy is necessary for an open society in the electronic age.	Eric Hughes

We must handle Bitcoin software with the same respect we handle nuclear reactor software.	Hugo Nguyen

Bitcoin does not waste energy — it consumes energy waste.	Conner Brown

We’re building for the next 100 years	@LightningK0ala

Bitcoin not having a “community” is a feature.	Rodolfo Novak

I believe that the invention of Bitcoin is the kind of thing that comes around once in a lifetime; perhaps once in many lifetimes.	Yan Pritzker

Bitcoin's mere existence is an insurance policy that will remind governments that the last object establishment could control, namely, the currency, is no longer their monopoly. This gives us, the crowd, an insurance policy against an Orwellian future.	Nassim Taleb

Bitcoin is my stablecoin.	Matt Odell

Every tool is a weapon - if you hold it right.	Ani Difranco

Once you ask yourself “What is money?”, Bitcoin will make sense.	Misir Mahmudov

Only two things are genuinely scarce: time and bitcoin.	Saifedean Ammous

Miners are bitcoin's slaves, not masters.	Saifedean Ammous

Bitcoin is a risk asset with a specific set of investment characteristics that become increasingly more attractive the more irresponsible monetary and fiscal policy becomes.	Travis Kling

Bitcoin has come much further and much faster than people expected. There was a saying in the early dotcom era about “internet time,” and bitcoin time seems to be moving even faster.	Adam Back

Bitcoin seems to be a very promising idea. I like the idea of basing security on the assumption that the CPU power of honest participants outweighs that of the attacker. It is a very modern notion that exploits the power of the long tail.	Hal Finney

Stay humble. Stack sats.	Matt Odell

If you're not obsessed with Bitcoin then you don't understand what Bitcoin is.	John Vallis

Anyone who understands economics and finance and how markets work will be a maximalist because it is more efficient to have one currency than a bunch of ones.	Peter Todd

If you're not pro-Bitcoin, you hate the environment.	Matt Odell

Bitcoin is not a luxury of rich countries. Bitcoin is a need of poor countries.	Florencia Ravenna

Based on our understanding of monetary economics, the outcome will be such that most of the value will accrue to one coin and one coin will at the very least be the world reserve currency, and even more than that, the one global money.	Pierre Rochard

Mere inflation — that is, the mere issuance of more money, with the consequence of higher wages and prices — may look like the creation of more demand. But in terms of the actual production and exchange of real things it is not.	Henry Hazlitt

Bitcoin is simply an opt-in, open-source software with the historically reliable property of making its users wealthy.	Jesse Lawler

Isn’t it ironic that Bitcoin has taught me more about money than all these years I’ve spent working for financial institutions?	@fiatminimalist

You can't dictate how people should use bitcoin. Bitcoin has certain properties that enable different use cases. The predominant use case will fluctuate over time. Get over it.	Marty Bent

One does not adopt Bitcoin. It adopts us.	Peter Wuille

The future is bright. We just have a lot of work to do.	@nopara73

Bitcoin will take care of you if you take care of your bitcoin.	John Carvalho

Lightning Network ensures bitcoin’s path to global reserve currency because it makes bitcoin come alive.	Nik Bhatia

Bitcoin is a short squeeze on the world.	Su Zhu

No one has found the bottom of the Bitcoin rabbit hole.	Jameson Lopp

If you don’t have privacy, you’re not a free man	Max Hillebrand

I like to call the lightning network a fee aggregation network.	Sergej Kotliar

The job of every altcoin is creating a narrative against Bitcoin. And whoever has the best narrative against Bitcoin gets the most ignorant money.	John Carvalho

Bitcoin has contracted out humans to keep it alive.	Marty Bent

Bitcoin is pieces of super-gold flying inside an unstoppable PayPal.	Murad Mahmudov

Over the last 10 to 15 years there has been an uprising of people who value privacy, not because they are weird and want to go and hide in the woods, ordinary citizens who are not happy with how much data they are handing over.	Riccardo Spagni

Only a communication link and a power source is required to participate in the ecosystem.	Friar Hass

In the near future, the government having a monopoly on money will seem as strange as the government having a monopoly on religion or language.	Conner Brown

Bitcoin is ushering a new era of commerce with truly open, fair and free markets.	Thibaud Maréchal

Open source software is a meritocracy of ideas, not of people. So people are always talking about "Who controls Bitcoin?" Good ideas control Bitcoin. Not people.	Ben Prentice

Bitcoin is wealth insurance.	Matt Odell

I wrote a book that answers the question 'What is Bitcoin?' It's 300 pages long, was obsolete the moment it was printed and has to be corrected and updated every three months just to keep up with changes.	Andreas Antonopoulos

su	Stephan Livera

Bitcoin is a parachute masked as an adrenaline rush.	@APompliano

We are in the process of repricing the world in sats.	@BitcoinTina

If you want to protect yourself from this over arching legal system then you will want to hide as much of your activity as possible.	Jameson Lopp

I think the world becomes a better place when we stop asking for permission and start building.	Dan Held

Owning bitcoins is one of the few asymmetric bets that people across the entire world can participate in.	Vijay Boyapati

Bitcoin should never have gotten off the ground, but it did.	Ross Ulbricht

There's Bitcoin and then there's shitcoin.	Warren Davidson

When you have a disruptive technology, they call it a category killer. Bitcoin is a serial killer - it’s going to go through 40 or 50 different industries.	Dan Morehead

We’re talking about a change in how humanity organises itself.	Andreas Antonopoulos

Bitcoin is a way out of our current system, which is exclusionary and unjust, and tends to prey on the weak and disenfranchised while letting the corrupt Davos crowd walk free.	Alex Gladstein

As long as we keep growing hardcore asshole maximalists who don't take shit we're in a good place.	American Hodl

It doesn't matter if you have nothing to hide. Because privacy isn't about something to hide. Privacy is about something to protect. And the thing to protect is a free and open society.	Edward Snowden

It's an organism. That's what it is.	Raoul Pal

It’s what I like to call the underlying technology behind Bitcoin, Number Go Up.	Saifedean Ammous

Wealth isn't the gold of pirates—wealth is energy.	Buckminster Fuller

Humanity needed to discover what is the best form of money.	Francis Pouliot

Absolute scarcity. Good divisibility. Speed-of-light, words-in-brain portability. Programmability.	Giacomo Zucco

Bitcoin was created to serve a highly political intent, a free and uncensored network where all can participate with equal access. 	Amir Taaki

Pineapple and jalapenos is a good pizza topping	Satoshi Nakamoto

The State says that citizens may not take from another by force and against his will that which belongs to another. And yet the State…does just that.	Murray Rothbard

The State, by its very nature, must violate the generally accepted moral laws to which most people adhere.	Murray Rothbard

The essential activities of the State necessarily constitute criminal aggression and depredation of the just rights of private property of its subjects (including self-ownership).	Murray Rothbard

On the free market, it is a happy fact that the maximization of the wealth of one person or group redounds to the benefit of all; but in the political realm, the realm of the State, a maximization of income and wealth can only accrue parasitically to the State and its rulers at the expense of the rest of society.	Murray Rothbard

There can be no truly moral choice unless that choice is made in freedom.	Murray Rothbard

If a man has the right to self-ownership, to the control of his life, then in the real world he must also have the right to sustain his life.	Murray Rothbard

To go beyond one’s right of self-defense would be to aggress on the rights of others, a violation of one’s legal duty. And yet the State by its claimed monopoly forcibly imposes its jurisdiction on persons who may have done nothing wrong. By doing so it aggresses against the rights of its citizens, something which its rules say citizens may not do.	Murray Rothbard

The State is an inherently illegitimate institution of organized aggression, of organized and regularized crime against the persons and properties of its subjects… a profoundly antisocial institution which lives parasitically off of the productive activities of private citizens.	Murray Rothbard

Since the State necessarily lives by the compulsory confiscation of private capital, and since its expansion necessarily involves ever-greater incursions on private individuals and private enterprise, we must assert that the state is profoundly and inherently anti-capitalist.	Murray Rothbard

We must, therefore, emphasize that ‘we’ are not the government; the government is not ‘us.’ The government does not in any accurate sense ‘represent’ the majority of the people.	Murray Rothbard

The great non sequitur committed by defenders of the State…is to leap from the necessity of society to the necessity of the State.	Murray Rothbard

All of the services commonly thought to require the State…can be and have been supplied far more efficiently and certainly more morally by private persons. The State is in no sense required by the nature of man; quite the contrary.	Murray Rothbard

Libertarians regard the state as the Supreme, the eternal, the best organized aggressor against the persons and property of the mass of the public.	Murray Rothbard

If you wish to know how libertarians regard the State and any of its acts, simply think of the State as a criminal band, and all of the libertarian attitudes will logically fall into place.	Murray Rothbard

The State uses its coerced revenue, not merely to monopolize and provide genuine services inefficiently to the public, but also to build up its own power at the expense of its exploited and harassed subjects.	Murray Rothbard

The State is a coercive criminal organization that subsists by a regularized large-scale system of taxation-theft.	Murray Rothbard

There is no reason to assume that a compulsory monopoly of violence, once acquired…by any State rulers, will remain ‘limited’ to protection of person and property. Certainly, historically no government has long remained ‘limited’ in this way.	Murray Rothbard

Government was constructed neither for ability nor for the exercise of loving care; government was built for the use of force and for necessarily demagogic appeals for votes.	Murray Rothbard

Of all the numerous forms that governments have taken over the centuries, of all the concepts and institutions that have been tried, none has succeeded in keeping the State in check.	Murray Rothbard

The fact that a majority might support or condone an act of theft does not diminish the criminal essence of the act or its grave injustice.	Murray Rothbard

Only the State obtains its revenue by coercion…That coercion is known as ‘taxation,’ although in less regularized epochs it was often known as ‘tribute.’ Taxation is theft, purely and simply even though it is theft on a grand and colossal scale which no acknowledged criminals could hope to match. It is a compulsory seizure of the property of the State’s inhabitants, or subjects.	Murray Rothbard

It is easy to be conspicuously ‘compassionate’ if others are being forced to pay the cost.	Murray Rothbard

It is not the business of the law to make anyone good or reverent or moral or clean or upright.	Murray Rothbard

It is no crime to be ignorant of economics…But it is totally irresponsible to have a loud and vociferous opinion on economic subjects while remaining in this state of ignorance.	Murray Rothbard

A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.	Friedrich August von Hayek

I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.	Friedrich August von Hayek

Freedom granted only when it is known beforehand that its effects will be beneficial is not freedom.	Friedrich August von Hayek

We shall not grow wiser before we learn that much that we have done was very foolish.	Friedrich August von Hayek

It seems to me that socialists today can preserve their position in academic economics merely by the pretense that the differences are entirely moral questions about which science cannot decide.	Friedrich August von Hayek

I regard it in fact as the great advantage of the mathematical technique that it allows us to describe, by means of algebraic equations, the general character of a pattern even where we are ignorant of the numerical values which will determine its particular manifestation.	Friedrich August von Hayek

I have arrived at the conviction that the neglect by economists to discuss seriously what is really the crucial problem of our time is due to a certain timidity about soiling their hands by going from purely scientific questions into value questions.	Friedrich August von Hayek

It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only those individuals know.	Friedrich August von Hayek

I don't believe we shall ever have a good money again before we take the thing out of the hands of government, that is, we can't take it violently out of the hands of government, all we can do is by some sly roundabout way introduce something that they can't stop.	Friedrich August von Hayek

From the fact that people are very different it follows that, if we treat them equally, the result must be inequality in their actual position, and that the only way to place them in an equal position would be to treat them differently. Equality before the law and material equality are therefore not only different but are in conflict with each other; and we can achieve either one or the other, but not both at the same time	Friedrich August von Hayek

The argument for liberty is not an argument against organization, which is one of the most powerful tools human reason can employ, but an argument against all exclusive, privileged, monopolistic organization, against the use of coercion to prevent others from doing better.	Friedrich August von Hayek

Probably it is true enough that the great majority are rarely capable of thinking independently, that on most questions they accept views which they find ready-made, and that they will be equally content if born or coaxed into one set of beliefs or another. In any society freedom of thought will probably be of direct significance only for a small minority. But this does not mean that anyone is competent, or ought to have power, to select those to whom this freedom is to be reserved. It certainly does not justify the presumption of any group of people to claim the right to determine what people ought to think or believe.	Friedrich August von Hayek

It is true that the virtues which are less esteemed and practiced now--independence, self-reliance, and the willingness to bear risks, the readiness to back one's own conviction against a majority, and the willingness to voluntary cooperation with one's neighbors--are essentially those on which the of an individualist society rests. Collectivism has nothing to put in their place, and in so far as it already has destroyed then it has left a void filled by nothing but the demand for obedience and the compulsion of the individual to what is collectively decided to be good.	Friedrich August von Hayek

Our faith in freedom does not rest on the foreseeable results in particular circumstances but on the belief that it will, on balance, release more forces for the good than for the bad.	Friedrich August von Hayek

Our freedom of choice in a competitive society rests on the fact that, if one person refuses to satisfy our wishes, we can turn to another. But if we face a monopolist we are at his absolute mercy. And an authority directing the whole economic system of the country would be the most powerful monopolist conceivable…it would have complete power to decide what we are to be given and on what terms. It would not only decide what commodities and services were to be available and in what quantities; it would be able to direct their distributions between persons to any degree it liked.	Friedrich August von Hayek

I am certain, however, that nothing has done so much to destroy the juridical safeguards of individual freedom as the striving after this mirage of social justice.	Friedrich August von Hayek

While an equality of rights under a limited government is possible and an essential condition of individual freedom, a claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.	Friedrich August von Hayek

It is because every individual knows little and, in particular, because we rarely know which of us knows best that we trust the independent and competitive efforts of many to induce the emergence of what we shall want when we see it.	Friedrich August von Hayek

From the saintly and single-minded idealist to the fanatic is often but a step.	Friedrich August von Hayek

It is one of the saddest spectacles of our time to see a great democratic movement support a policy which must lead to the destruction of democracy and which meanwhile can benefit only a minority of the masses who support it. Yet it is this support from the Left of the tendencies toward monopoly which make them so irresistible and the prospects of the future so dark.	Friedrich August von Hayek

"Emergencies have always been the pretext on which the safeguards of individual liberty have eroded."	Friedrich August von Hayek

"To act on behalf of a group seems to free people of many of the moral restraints which control their behaviour as individuals within the group."	Friedrich August von Hayek

"Government spending cannot create additional jobs. If the government provides the funds required by taxing the citizens or by borrowing from the public, it abolishes on the one hand as many jobs as it creates on the other. If government spending is financed by borrowing from the commercial banks, it means credit expansion and inflation. If in the course of such an inflation the rise in commodity prices exceeds the rise in nominal wage rates, unemployment will drop. But what makes unemployment shrink is precisely the fact that real wage rates are falling."	Ludwig von Mises

"All rational action is in the first place individual action. Only the individual thinks. Only the individual reasons. Only the individual acts."	Ludwig von Mises

"He who is unfit to serve his fellow citizens wants to rule them."	Ludwig von Mises

"If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization"	Ludwig von Mises

"The worship of the state is the worship of force. There is no more dangerous menace to civilization than a government of incompetent, corrupt, or vile men. The worst evils which mankind ever had to endure were inﬂicted by bad governments. The state can be and has often been in the course of history the main source of mischief and disaster."	Ludwig von Mises

"Socialism is an alternative to capitalism as potassium cyanide is an alternative to water."	Ludwig von Mises

"The alcoholic and the drug addict harm only themselves by their behavior; the person who violates the rules of morality governing mans life in society harms not only himself, but everyone."	Ludwig von Mises

"Freedom is indivisible. As soon as one starts to restrict it, one enters upon a decline on which it is difficult to stop."	Ludwig von Mises

"Many who are self-taught far excel the doctors, masters, and bachelors of the most renowned universities."	Ludwig von Mises

"Money is not an invention of the state. It is not the product of a legislative act. Even the sanction of political authority is not necessary for its existence. Certain commodities came to be money quite naturally, as the result of economic relationships that were independent of the power of the state."	Carl Menger

"When I discussed the nature of value, I observed that value is nothing inherent in goods and that it is not a property of goods. But neither is value an independent thing. There is no reason why a good may not have value to one economizing individual but no value to another individual under different circumstances. The measure of value is entirely subjective in nature, and for this reason a good can have great value to one economizing individual, little value to another, and no value at all to a third, depending upon the differences in their requirements and available amounts. What one person disdains or values lightly is appreciated by another, and what one person abandons is often picked up by another." -	Carl Menger

"Man himself is the beginning and the end of every economy." -	Carl Menger

"The reason the Bitcoin maximalists are religious about this is because, for the first time in human history, you can take all of your wealth and your life force - you can put it into an asset, you can keep the keys, you can take custody." -	Michael J. Saylor

"No government, no bank, can take it away from you. There's nobody to tell you you can't own your life force." -	Michael J. Saylor

"If you have hopes and aspirations for your family, for your religion - for your life - then you have the power to achieve those hopes and aspirations. Without asking the permission of a bank, or a government, or a politician." -	Michael J. Saylor

"And if money is energy, and this energy is going to last a long, long time - energy is essential to life - Bitcoin is about immortal life! It's about achieving your hopes and aspirations for as long as you can conceive of them." -	Michael J. Saylor

"Imagine a world where everyone used something fair & equitable to settle their economic differences. Bitcoin" -	Michael J. Saylor

"Bitcoin is the Savings & Loan at the End of the Universe" -	Michael J. Saylor

"Haters gonna hate, doubters gonna doubt, builders gonna build." -	Elizabeth Stark

"I am fascinated by Tim May's crypto-anarchy. Unlike the communities traditionally associated with the word "anarchy", in a crypto-anarchy the government is not temporarily destroyed but permanently forbidden and permanently unnecessary. It's a community where the threat of violence is impotent because violence is impossible, and violence is impossible because its participants cannot be linked to their true names or physical locations." -	Wei Dai

"Bitcoin is what God laughing at Central Banks looks and sounds like." -	Max Keiser

"History alone doesn’t quite explain why Bitcoin Independence Day is important. I think we celebrate it because we see this as an existential moment in Bitcoin when the good of the many won out over the aims of the powerful few — proof that this universal, permissionless value system was resilient in the ways it needs to be. Evidence of our independence." -	Peter Chawaga

"Forgot to add the good part about micropayments.  While I don't think Bitcoin is practical for smaller micropayments right now, it will eventually be as storage and bandwidth costs continue to fall.  If Bitcoin catches on on a big scale, it may already be the case by that time.  Another way they can become more practical is if I implement client-only mode and the number of network nodes consolidates into a smaller number of professional server farms.  Whatever size micropayments you need will eventually be practical.  I think in 5 or 10 years, the bandwidth and storage will seem trivial." -	Satoshi Nakamoto 2010

"Bitcoin isn't currently practical for very small micropayments.  Not for things like pay per search or per page view without an aggregating mechanism, not things needing to pay less than 0.01.  The dust spam limit is a first try at intentionally trying to prevent overly small micropayments like that. Bitcoin is practical for smaller transactions than are practical with existing payment methods.  Small enough to include what you might call the top of the micropayment range.  But it doesn't claim to be practical for arbitrarily small micropayments." -	Satoshi Nakamoto 2010

"The heat from your computer is not wasted if you need to heat your home.  If you're using electric heat where you live, then your computer's heat isn't a waste.  It's equal cost if you generate the heat with your computer. If you have other cheaper heating than electric, then the waste is only the difference in cost. If it's summer and you're using A/C, then it's twice. Bitcoin generation should end up where it's cheapest.  Maybe that will be in cold climates where there's electric heat, where it would be essentially free." -	Satoshi Nakamoto 2010

"This is lies, my trust in you is broken, I will make you obsolete" -	Nicolas Dorier

"Bitcoin is many things to many people. However, the development and maintenance of Bitcoin is a human endeavor. Satoshi sought review and cooperation, and the subsequent work by Bitcoin’s developers has made the system more secure and orders of magnitude faster. The Bitcoin developer community is dedicated to the future of Bitcoin, looks after the health of the network, strives for the highest standards of performance, and works to keep Bitcoin secure on behalf of everyone." -	Bitcoin Core Developers

"It can't be changed. It can't be argued with. It can't be tampered with. It can't be corrupted. It can't be interrupted. It can't be stopped." -	Ralph Merkle

"The state, our modern idol, steals half of what every working person makes. That means that people are stripped bare for trying to do the right thing. But there is no compassion for them." -	Paul Rosenberg

"Whatever you esteem more highly than reality is your god." -	Paul Rosenberg

"When you swap from fiat to Bitcoin you are fighting terrorism." -	Max Keiser

"The Federal Reserve system relies on the force of government to maintain its monopoly power on the issuance of money. This is how all central banks maintain their control. Without the state’s involvement, people would be free to use whatever currency they like. Historically this was gold. If the founders of the fed tried to do what they did w/o the Federal Reserve Act legislation, and later the Brenton Woods agreement, they would have failed miserably. No one would have bought into their system." -	Ross Ulbricht

"The people are free to choose what system they want. No need for one size fits all government solutions. If you want to use a debt based inflationary monetary system, go right ahead, doesn’t affect me so long as you don’t try to force me to use it as well." -	Ross Ulbricht

"The state may try to ban our tools, but if we never use them for fear of them being banned, then we have already lost, no? Personally, I don’t think they can be effectively banned at this point. Iran and China, for example, are actively trying and failing." -	Ross Ulbricht

"Anything you do that is outside the control of the state is agorist, so in some sense we are all agorists whether we know it or not. Some people just take those actions because of the personal gain they can obtain, which is perfectly fine, but some do it as a conscientious objection and act of rebellion against the state as well." -	Ross Ulbricht

"Bitcoin is a remarkable cryptographic achievement and the ability to create something that is not duplicable in the digital world has enormous value." - Eric Schmidt

"Bitcoin actually has the balance and incentives right, and that is why it is starting to take off."	- Julian Assange

"I think the fact that within the bitcoin universe an algorithm replaces the functions of [the government] … is actually pretty cool. I am a big fan of Bitcoin." -	Al Gore

"Bitcoin may be the TCP/IP of money." -	Paul Buchheit 

"Right now Bitcoin feels like the Internet before the browser." -	Wences Casares

"I do think Bitcoin is the first [encrypted money] that has the potential to do something like change the world." -	Peter Thiel

"There are 3 eras of currency: Commodity based, politically based, and now, math based." -	Chris Dixon

"It’s money 2.0, a huge hugehuge deal." -	Chamath Palihapitiya

"Bitcoin enables certain uses that are very unique. I think it offers possibilities that no other currency allows. For example the ability to spend a coin that only occurs when two separate parties agree to spend the coin; with a third party that couldn’t run away with the coin itself." -	Peter Wuille

"As the value goes up, heads start to swivel and skeptics begin to soften. Starting a new currency is easy, anyone can do it. The trick is getting people to accept it, because it is their use that gives the “money” value." -	Adam B. Levine

"Everything can be hacked!" -	Stepan Snigirev

"Bitcoin is a widely mis- and un-understood technology right now. Nevertheless its existence is a natural and inevitable result of human ratio based on our current knowledge of mathematics, physics, information theory and economics. It’s more than just money and payments and a lot deeper than just blockchain technology." -	Joerg Hermsdorf

"I suspect the first targets if Bitcoin got associated with Wikileaks would not be miners or participants, but the money changers. People buying and selling Bitcoins for dollars and other currencies would be natural targets for shutting down. Without them, Bitcoin is back to being play money. Looking on the bright side, if Bitcoin did get known as the Wikileaks currency, attacked by governments all over the world, at least we'd get our Wikipedia page back!" -	 Hal Finney

"Bitcoin is the real Occupy Wall Street" -	Julian Assange

"Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!" -	Timothy C. May

"One must acknowledge with cryptography no amount of violence will ever solve a math problem." -	Jacob Appelbaum

"Bitcoin is the separation of money and state." -	Robert Breedlove

"Bitcoin gives humanity a powerful tool for freedom: a global digital money system run by the people, outside of government and corporate control." -	Alex Gladstein

"Bitcoin is one the most fascinating socio-economic experiments in human history, organically emerging and developing on a global scale. Bypassing a long-standing problem in computer science – the prevention of doublespends without relying on a central authority – with an economic and game theory-based solution is nothing short of a stroke of genius. That doesn’t mean that Bitcoin is without flaws, however." -	Michel Rauchs

"Bitcoin is different things to different people. Unstoppable by design, it grew organically over the last decade, converting hearts and minds in the process. In the decades ahead, it will pave the way for new economies, re-introduce sound money to the world, separate money and state, and usher in a new era." -	dergigi

"Bitcoin is not MySpace or any other internet app, it’s the Internet protocol. Bitcoin is not Model T car or any other road vehicle, it’s the Road system. Bitcoin is not the Krugerrand or any other gold coinage type, Bitcoin is the Gold element." -	Giacomo Zucco

"Bitcoin is the hardest money every created." -	Andrew Edstrom

"Bitcoin brings an unprecedented level of certainty, consistency, and trust to money and its governance, in a world where we have lost all certainty, consistency, and trust in our money and our governments." -	Obi Nwosu

"Bitcoin is the only way to get back monetary sovereignty and liberty." -	Sven Schnieders

"Bitcoin resists attempts to be confined in a narrow box." -	Sebastian Kripfganz

"Bitcoin is money reimagined. It delivers on every attribute & function of money, to the highest possible degree, as information, openly accessible to all. There’s nothing happening in the world today that is more important." -	Alexander Svetski

"Bitcoin could unbundle money and state by giving the private sector a way to compete in a previously closed market."	Hasufl

"Bitcoin lies at the intersection of Philosophy, Politics, Economics, Commerce and Engineering. Understanding one or two of these elements can pique the interest, but a true spiritual journey awaits those that grasp them all." -	Friar Hass

"Hyperbitcoinization. We're 50% there. Quote me." -  dergigi 2019

